docs(docs-infra): clarify toh-2 error message (#45878)
angular/angular: aio/content/tutorial/toh-pt2.md

### Add the click event handler

> Rename the component's `hero` property to `selectedHero` but don't assign it since there is no *selected hero* when the application starts.

Author: @AndrewKushnir please check my comment below about `undefined` I could try to add here something about the field getting that value if need be :slightly_smiling_face: (but basic js knowledge should be a prerequisite here right? :thinking: )

> Rename the component's `hero` property to `selectedHero` but don't assign it since there is no *selected hero* when the application starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rename the component's `hero` property to `selectedHero` but don't assign any value to it since there is no *selected hero* when the application starts.
```

<code-example header="heroes.component.html (selected hero details)" path="toh-pt2/src/app/heroes/heroes.component.html" region="selectedHero-details"></code-example>

> Note that the whole hero details section is wrapped around a `<div>` presenting Angular's `*ngIf` directive set to `selectedHero`, this has the effect to include the section in the DOM only when there is a selected hero, or in other terms when `selectedHero` is no longer `undefined`.

Author: @AndrewKushnir some things I'd like your opinion on :slightly_smiling_face: :
 - I wanted to use `ng-container` for the `*ngIf` here but I thought that I would not overwhelm newcomers so kept the `div` what do you think? is the right call?
 - Above in the tutorial we only say not to assign a value to the `selectedHero`, but we never directly say that its value is going to be `undefined` here I do however use the `undefined` keyword, I hope that it cannot lead to confusion?
 - Should I add a short explanation about how `*ngIf` works with truthy/falsy values? or is that clear?

> Note that the whole hero details section is wrapped around a `<div>` presenting Angular's `*ngIf` directive set to `selectedHero`, this has the effect to include the section in the DOM only when there is a selected hero, or in other terms when `selectedHero` is no longer `undefined`.

Reviewer: I like the idea of this paragraph, I'd propose rephrasing this a bit:
```suggestion
The hero details should only be displayed when a hero was selected. When a component is created initially, there is no selected hero, so we add the `*ngIf` directive to the `<div>` that wraps the hero details, to instruct Angular to render the section only when the `selectedHero` is actually defined (after it has been selected by clicking on a hero).
```

<code-example header="heroes.component.html (selected hero details)" path="toh-pt2/src/app/heroes/heroes.component.html" region="selectedHero-details"></code-example>

After the browser refreshes, the application is broken/failing compilation.

> Look at your terminal running the application and you should see an error message like this:

Author: Sorry @AndrewKushnir which version do you suggest? `is thrown` or `will be thrown`?

(I would suggest `is thrown` since the text here is in the present tense)

> Look at your terminal running the application and you should see an error message like this:

Reviewer: Yeah, I think it should be `is thrown`.

(I've added one more comment below with a proposal to get rid of this "failure state" altogether, so we might end up removing this)

<code-example format="output" hideCopy language="shell">

Error: src/app/heroes/heroes.component.html:11:25 - error TS2532: Object is possibly 'undefined'.

</code-example>

#### What happened?

> The issue is that `selectedHero` may be `undefined` (and it actually is at the start *by design*) and the TypeScript compiler prevents us from accessing the fields of a possibly `undefined` value.

Author: duplicate comment

> The compiler is actually doing us a favour since the binding expressions in the template that refer to properties of `selectedHero` &mdash;expressions like `{{selectedHero.name}}`&mdash; *must initially fail* because there is indeed no selected hero.

Author: yeah I had a feeling that doing us a favour as a bit too colloquial :sweat::+1:

> The compiler is actually doing us a favour since the binding expressions in the template that refer to properties of `selectedHero` &mdash;expressions like `{{selectedHero.name}}`&mdash; *must initially fail* because there is indeed no selected hero.

Author: duplicate comment

> The compiler is actually doing us a favour since the binding expressions in the template that refer to properties of `selectedHero` &mdash;expressions like `{{selectedHero.name}}`&mdash; *must initially fail* because there is indeed no selected hero.

Reviewer: :)

> <div class="alert is-helpful">

Reviewer: @dario-piotrowicz I'm not sure we should include additional information about the strict mode and how to disable it. I think in most cases that would not be relevant to readers, so it'd be an extra content. WDYT?

Author: yes, as I was adding it, it felt a bit extra to me too :thinking: 

the bit that I don't like is that I feel that prior to strict mode the issue/bug/wrong-behaviour here was more evident/clear to the reader, but now it is more indirect as in "the compiler complains that it may be undefined", I find this whole section totally understandable, but I am not sure if some extra bit of context could be beneficial for newcomers :thinking: 

I am probably overthinking things :sweat_smile: , totally happy to get rid of it :slightly_smiling_face: 
(and definitely I would not want to encourage people to disable strict mode!!! that was not my intention :sweat_smile:)

Reviewer: I think it'd be great to skip that "failure state" altogether and just introduce the code with the `*ngIf` in it. I think it'd be pretty obvious to readers what happens and we can have a short sentence to mention why we need `*ngIf`. WDYT?

Author: @AndrewKushnir I made the change please check it out :slightly_smiling_face: 

PS: I need to update the commit message, I will do that after we agree that the PR is ready to merge if that is ok, so I'll know better what to put there :slightly_smiling_face:

> <div class="alert is-helpful">

Reviewer: @dario-piotrowicz I'm not sure we should include additional information about the strict mode and how to disable it. I think in most cases that would not be relevant to readers, so it'd be an extra content. WDYT?

Author: duplicate comment
